doc: mention opam file templates (#12710)
ocaml/dune: doc/reference/dune-project/generate_opam_files.rst

With this field, every time one calls Dune to execute some rules (either via
``dune build``, ``dune runtest``, or something else), the opam files get
generated.

To add opam fields not directly supported by ``dune-project``, you can use

> ``pkg.opam.template`` files as an escape hatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``<package-name>.opam.template`` files as an escape hatch.
```

I think I would link the reference from `seealso` directly here, because thematically it belongs to the same paragraph.
